## To implement middleware which'll handle what to do with incoming route requests based on user's authentication, will first create Middleware folder and Authorize file in framework folder
## In Authorize middleware, we'll add isAuthenticated method which returns if user is authenticated by using Session's has() method then we'll add handle method which'll take in $role as param. If route requested is meant to be for guest only (registeration/login page) but user is authenticated (logged in) then we'll redirect to home page. If route requested is meant to be for authorized user only (post job page) but user is guest (not logged in) then we'll redirect to login page so he login first before accessing authorize-access-only page. 
## Now under routes.php, for sending get request to '/listings/create', create method from ListingController is executed which loads registeration view. As 3rd arg after route and controller@method, we can add arr ['auth'] which is basically role of user who is sending that request. Now to accomplish this, will have to make adjustments in Router.php and routes.php where we'll add this 3rd argument role functionality
## First start with adding 3rd arg ['auth'] to ```$router->get('/listings/create', 'ListingController@create')``` in routes.php then import ```use Framework\Middleware\Authorize``` in Router.php start. Then in get method ```public function get($uri, $controller)```, will add 3rd arg $middleware which is empty by default. Will pass it to registerRoute through this method. Do same with post/put/delete method. Also edit comments. Then under registerRoute, will have it as arg then pass inside registered routes arr. 
## Now under route method where we process requests, will modify route method. In 3rd arg, we can add multiple roles like auth and admin like in routes.php for get request on list create route. Back to route method, as arr with possibly multiple roles like auth and admin, we'll loop through middleware arr using foreach method then insaniate Authorize class and pass middleware to it's handle method.
## In routes.php, will add middleware 3rd arg to other imp routes too which are mentioned in it's file,  